Add scs-public environment (#5)
SovereignCloudStack/status-page-deployment: README.md

Setup all services needed for the SCS Status Page.

## Local deployment

The local deployment uses [`kind`](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) to set up a local k8s cluster to deploy to.

```bash
kind create cluster --name status-page --wait 3m --config=kind-cluster-config.yaml
# or
make cluster
```

### Prerequisites

Please deploy the [`kubernetes/environments/kind/prerequisites/kustomization.yaml`](kubernetes/environments/kind/prerequisites/kustomization.yaml) to set up the local `kind` cluster to work with the deployment.

```bash
kubectl --context kind-status-page apply -k kubernetes/environments/kind/prerequisites
```

#### Persistent Volume Claims

> `kind` does not provide a way to create a persistent volume for persistent volume claims. To be able to satisfy volume claims, rancher's `local-path-storage` is deployed locally.

Author: `kind` already deploys `local-path-storage` out of the box, doesn't it? So there should not be any need to deploy it as custom "prerequisite"?

Reviewer: When i started the deployment project, requesting a PV(C) kept hanging in `pending` state. Solution was to deploy the local path storage. `kind` now seems to work with their own provider. Removed the prerequisite.

## Usage

### Receive auth code

Visit the [openid-configuration](https://status-idp.k8s.scs.community/.well-known/openid-configuration) of the running Dex and build an auth URL from the provided information and your desired paramters.

For example:

```txt
https://status-idp.k8s.scs.community/auth?client_id=status-page-web&redirect_uri=http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A3000%2Flogin&response_type=code&scope=openid+profile+email+offline_access
```

And visit the generated URL to start the Authorization Code Flow.

After authentication you get redirect to `http://localhost:3000/login?code=<your-code>&state=`

### Exchange token

Copy your code and send it to the token URL.

For example:

```bash
$ curl -sL \
-X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
-d 'client_id=status-page-web' \
-d 'client_secret=<your-secret>' \
-d 'code=<your-code>' \
-d 'redirect_uri=http%3A%2F%2Flocalhost%3A3000%2Flogin' \
-d 'grant_type=authorization_code' \
https://status-idp.k8s.scs.community/token

{
  "access_token": "<your-access-token>",
  "token_type": "bearer",
  "expires_in": 86399,
  "refresh_token": "<your-refresh-token>",
  "id_token": "<your-id-token>"
}
```

> **NOTE**: Be **extreme careful** with your **code** and **client secret** as it represents **credentials**!

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Be **extremely careful** with your **code** and **client secret** as they represent **credentials**!
```

### Use API

Copy your id token and use it as bearer token in writing requests.

For example creating a new component:

```bash
curl -sL \
-X POST \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <your-id-token>' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{"displayName":"Test-Component"}'\
https://status.k8s.scs.community/components
```

> **NOTE**: Be **extreme careful** with your **id token** and **access token** as it represents **credentials**!

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Be **extremely careful** with your **id token** and **access token** as they represent **credentials**!
```
